Dont speak-
Its about lead singers in a band who face the real audience and are the face of the group. In the first scene of the music video, we see a rotten orange which probably means the particular person of the band is inherently and genetically a bad person, is hungry to do something bad. He sees the ways that things are going in the band. He spreads the inferiority caused to other band members because of mere presence of this audience-loved lead singer. Before the rotten person came into the band, things were good. Members had love for each other, they engaged and really enjoyed. The rotten person spreads hate in the minds that the lead singer is getting all the fame and they are not. They look down upon the singer. Theres a scene where the singer is getting prepared for a show, and the members sigh for how long she is taking to get ready. This shows the members are now not concerned about their appearance and charm, but instead annoyed at the singer. "Dont tell me coz it hurts" is a clear statement, that the band members want her to leave. "I know what you are thinking" means the singer has read the body language of the members and is not ready to ignore it anymore. She never intended to get the fame but nothing can be done about, she is just too passionate. In the end the rotten

Personal Jesus:
People who make their own rules, moral values and have control of their lives. You are your own god. No need for any validation from any one else in the world. Someone who hears your prayers and someone who is always there. You dont have to wait and hope for the better. Instant results. In the video we see two groups of people, brothel girls and cowboys. Both  lead their separate lives and they have their own way of looking at things. Cowboys can lead a more sophisticated lives by working under someone in a city or something but they instead hear what their personal god say. Brothel girls have their own personal god who doesnt look down on prostitution, its just a way of living. They have their own faith and rules. They dont care about what anyone else thinks about their way of living.

"Lift up a receiver, i will make you a believer." This tells us that people who are their own god and have tasted the joy in it, are enthusiastic about changing the way how others live. "I will deliver, you know I am a forgiver." Always forgive yourself no matter how wrong your deeds be. This, my good sir, is infinite and ultimate freedom. Wow how good these lyrics are.

"Reach out touch faith", this is you. You cant materialise abstraction but you can see yourself. Be there for yourself, be your personal jesus.

Harmony between these two groups tells us that in our society we can remain mutually happy just like these two group of people if we listen to ourselves, glorify originality and don't let ourselves be constrained by others' moral values or rules. Instead, adapt our principles based on the situation as needed

Like a stone:
The artist is searching for answers. It is still unclear to me what exactly he is asking for. Maybe he is done something really wrong and is ready to face the consequences instantly. He is unable to forgive himself. Once he gets to the place where he can finally meet him, he will prepare to present himself. Then there will be no coming back.

Maybe the artist is categorizing his entire life as worthy of heaven or hell. Before this life was granted to him, he had been through literal hell when he reached his judgement day. Maybe he is asking "Why am I inherently bad?" because by the tone of the music I feel it is something really wrong that he has done again which will make him visit hell once more. He is ready to face anything and doesnt wanna live until he gets his answers.

Breathe - pink floyd - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45pHD8SRU2A
A child who has inherent abilities and talent from birth gets paralysed down by the dreams of others and the effect of capitalism cages him down. As we can see in the video the crown that the child is bestowed with, doesnt immediately effect the child. It shows itself gradually. The crown is melting the person bit by bit until he has a final breakdown. This breakdown puts him estranged. The bubbles coming out of his head are the dreams and ambitions which are his own. These are starting to occur when he is at his lowest caged down in the ditch. These dreams and ambitions are trying to put the child back up on the mainland but the obligations to others outweigh those. these bubbles start to get away from the child. the bubbles keep getting smaller and smaller depicting his hope of becoming better are becoming thinner until the body finally decays. the mainland monsters are the reason for his deterioration. by sucking up all of his dreams and ambitions, the monster of capitalism finally relaxes down and breathes out crushed dreams. The soul transforms into a wanderer who is decaying even while the body is gone. Its the ultimate extinction of the individual. The rabbit is the observer of the universe. As soon as he sees the crushed dreams and decaying body in the air, he runs up to the ditch to collect the crown. The crown is the symbol of individuality and originality. He takes it down to the very bottom of the planet depicting that this individuality is forever gone. "All you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be" tells us that you have the right to take the decision of doing whats right for you, what you choose is what you will get. Fulfill others' dreams because you love them and cry for yourself. The longer you keep doing this, you loose your originality and meet your death in no time. Because, my good sir, time flies.

carry on wayward son
1. Wayward means someone who is just different and doesnt walk on the path that people tell them to walk on. When these people continue doing this, they get lost at times. Normal people dont experience these because they were in their comfort zone doing what they were told to. This song is about moving on when times are tough, when you are through the storm, you will find peace because you did what your heart told you to do. Its the ultimate satisfaction that guides your path to heaven or hell. Normal people may find wayward people absurd, but its their choice to be that way and theres no wrong in being that. Its the source of individuality and a significant contribution to humanity. 

2. Its about people who are having a hard time with their life due to wrong decisions they made. These people are losing hope slowly and steadily. They cant start over, they have to play the game. The voices, mentioned in the song, may bear many meanings. It might be ancestral (father/grandpa) or it could be the foregone humanity, which is speaking to these alive people to hold on as long as they can because everything they are experiencing now is just a dust in the wind, a tickle of a matchstick, a single gasp in a marathon. There is much more when the life is finally over but until then they gotta move on and play the game patiently just like they did when they were alive.
At m1@2:04 the alive says that the thing thats bothering him is his stature. He pretends to have a purpose to fit in with the society for fame and respect. He is playing a con his whole life. Confusion settles in once again and he starts walking on the path of materialism.

The music is upbeat symbolizing the voices cheering for the alive's success and satisfaction. 

true faith:
this song is about the imagined chaos in future generations of humanity. at m1@0:00 we see people fighting with each other. every slap is a way of protecting their ego. our protagonist is the one sitting on a higher altitude, watching a video from the past. he is the victim. 
"I feel so extraordinary" speaks of the idea that this victim actually considers himself a victim while no other people care about it. They are engaged in worldly chaos. He is a victim of the wrong doings of the past generations. He is the product of prolonged inactivity by his past ancestors which caused him to evolve backwards, offering in inheritance only one leg to spend the rest of his life. he cant move and be normal so he simulates real people through advanced tech to generate dopamine in his head. he is unaware of existence of language and so he sees action videos to relate with the song.

At m1@1:25 has a very profound insight on the victim. When we are small we are innocent, and we accept whatever we see as normal. but when we grow up we are filled with hatred and repulse. we see the true nature of reality, then. The world is full of chaos when you grow up. What have we come to?

In the final verse, the victim is emphasizing on the exploitation and irresponsible use of resources by the past generation which have the future generation in a very tight spot. They dont know how and what to feel.

I believe this song is not just about the victim being present in the future generation. He can be present in any timeline and this song will be just as valid. Its a message from the future of humanity to start being responsible.

zindagi ke safar me guzar jate
This song talks about the inevitable nature of loss and importance of call to action. The stages of life that we go through is an experience and a prize to keep on the shelf. If we dont live these present moment, we might miss it, the time may run out very fast, circumstances may change, people who feel will stay forever may get swept away by winds of change etc. if we look at it from the perspective of an alien devoid of any kind of emotion, we might see these as just the cost of living as a human being. For why wont time run out, why wont people leave? what difference does it make that you are not in the same situation you were 10/20 years ago?

This is the human experience. Living with loss is the inevitable nature of reality. All we can do is cherish the memories and cherish the person it made us today. 

songs from the second floor - burdened by the weight
We all have things to worry about. when we try to solve those some other things break. people who are on the same path as you, who are your true well-wishers will encourage you to pull harder on the problem and sort it out. thats the best they can do because they too have their own weight to carry on to reach to the end of the line. everyone is fighting for freedom because until you have your luggages in the right place, you cant relax even if you wanted to. You will gasp and you will curse. You will stop and you will move. Here leaving the damned dump is living out the life just for the sake of it because theres nothing else to do here but to worry about keeping your luggages in the right places before you run out of breath. What good use of time is that? I believe reaching the end of the line is equivalent to reaching the end of life and in turn attain the ultimate freedom, the heaven. God sent some luggages for each human in their life, the humans got confused and tangled resulting in some more luggages, and they think if they do their job well they can attain a house near him. 

californication:
californication is a made-up word to depict the dream of having a life full of fame and recognition. The world is a simulation and we are stuck in achieving fame and self-satisfaction. Everyone is scamming to gain something especially time as depicted in the lyrics 'psychic spies from china tryna steal your minds elation'. Basically we all are stuck in stealing something or the other from others whether its our intention to steal or not. We are stuck in gaining more and approaching a materialistic behaviour. 

In the music here, every time the chorus hits the musicians in the video are shown enjoying themselves. This shows that all you need to prevent californication in your life, is to find people you get along with. why seek recognition from people you dont care about? at m1@3:22 the two musicians glide around the city on a cool guitar riff. while all the city people are busy in planning their next californication, these guys are planning to get away from the city high up in the sky. the final chorus is played in the sky far away from the city.

The phenomenology of spirit:
Hegel’s dialectical method suggests a neat resolution to the conflicts we face, yet I argue that this glosses over the persistent and unresolved tensions in human experience. Take, for instance, his master-slave dialectic, which implies that the struggle for recognition leads to mutual understanding. In reality, this struggle often breeds a cycle of domination rather than genuine connection.

Furthermore, Hegel’s idea of achieving "absolute knowledge" can be seen as an illusion. It presupposes a harmonious resolution of contradictions, but we know that human experience is far more complex and fraught with fragmentation and alienation. History is not a smooth trajectory toward freedom and self-realization; it is marked by chaos and conflict.

Additionally, Hegel’s historical determinism raises questions about individual agency. It seems to undermine the chaotic nature of historical events, suggesting a linear progression that simply doesn’t reflect the reality we live in. While Hegel aspires to provide a comprehensive understanding of consciousness and spirit, I believe he overlooks the darker, more tumultuous aspects of our existence that resist easy synthesis.

child in time:
dead mother is teaching her child to recognize whats good and whats bad. its tempting to get influenced by people who have power and control over others. dead mother is teaching to not give into such temptations because there are consequences sooner or later. Sooner or later one day the evil will have to go down until then the child has to lay low, bow the head, close the mouth and sustain the suffering until the child has grown up. Its not visible at the moment that things will turn up good in the future, but the entire generation is slowly planning for the next move. anger is building up bit by bit. but this generation is still naive and vulnerable.

She cries looking at the helplessness of the child she brought into this world dominated by evil.  

2. its a song about a warning to any threat that may arise in the future. its a warning to the future generation that theres an invisible force around the world which will find you, take you down and kill you if you are evil. Sooner or later, no matter how many times you dodge that bullet, it will eventually come to you. You just gotta wait. If you wait long enough, you will see your end. Better know your boundaries and act accordingly.
